Update documentation on xdp_tests (#1403)
microsoft/ebpf-for-windows: docs/GettingStarted.md

4.	`Test_name` to run a single test

### xdp_tests.exe
This application tests various XDP functionalities. These tests require two hosts to run. There are three variations of the XDP tests.

#### Reflection Test
This tests the XDP_TX functionality.
1. On the first host:

>    1. Install eBPF binaries (`.\scripts\setup-ebpf.ps1`).

Reviewer: Why can't this install from the MSI?
Also this seems like a prereq that should not be per test, rather than as part of the "Reflection Test" section

Author: Sure I can change it to the MSI approach. Initially I kept this as a common step - but it got confusing because of the test variations. I found that this is simpler to understand even if its repetitive.

   2. Load the test eBPF program by running the following command: `netsh ebpf add program reflect_packet.o xdp` and note the ID.
2. On the second host:
  1. Allow inbound traffic for `xdp_tests.exe` through Windows Defender Firewall.

>   2. Run `xdp_tests.exe xdp_reflect_test --remote_ip <IP on the first host>`.

Reviewer 2: Formatting of these 2 points is not correct. They are coming up as points 3 and 4 (instead of i. and ii.)

#### Encapsulation Test
This uses `bpf_xdp_adjust_head` helper function to encapsulate an outer IP header to a packet.
1. On the first host:

>    1. Install eBPF binaries (`.\scripts\setup-ebpf.ps1`).

Reviewer: Same comment as on line 260

>    2. Load the test eBPF program by running the following command: `netsh ebpf add program encap_reflect_packet.o xdp` and note the ID.

Reviewer: Can this be done after the reflection test without unloading the earlier program?  I.e. do they conflict or not?

Author: Updated Note 3.

> 2. On the remote host:

Reviewer 2: `second host` instead of `remote host`?

  1. Allow inbound traffic for `xdp_tests.exe` through Windows Defender Firewall.

>   2. Run `xdp_tests.exe xdp_encap_reflect_test --remote_ip <IP on the first host>`.

Reviewer 2: Same formatting problem as above.

#### Decapsulation Test
This uses `bpf_xdp_adjust_head` helper function to decapsulate an outer IP header from a packet.

> 1. On *both* the test machines, install eBPF binaries (`.\scripts\setup-ebpf.ps1`).

Reviewer: Same comment as on line 260

2. On the first host load the first test eBPF program by running the following command: `netsh ebpf add program encap_reflect_packet.o xdp` and note the ID.
3. On the second host:
  1. Load the second test eBPF program by running the following command: `netsh ebpf add program decap_permit_packet.o xdp` and note the ID.
  2. Allow inbound traffic for `xdp_tests.exe` through Windows Defender Firewall.

>   3. Run `xdp_tests.exe xdp_reflect_test --remote_ip <IP on the first host>`.

Reviewer 2: Same formatting problem as above.

**Note:** For the `--remote-ip` parameter to `xdp_tests.exe` program run on the second host, pass an IPv4 or IPv6 address of an Ethernet-like interface on the first host in string format.<br>

> **Note:** To allow inbound traffic to `xdp_tests.exe` run `New-NetFirewallRule -DisplayName "XDP_Test" -Program "<Full path to xdp_tests.exe>" -Direction Inbound -Action Allow`.<br>

Reviewer: This needs you be updated.  You cannot just "run New-NetFirewallRule from start->run or from a cmd shell, you have to do it in powershell.

> **Note:** After the tests complete, unload the eBPF programs from both host machines by running `delete program <id>` on the netsh prompt, where <id> is the ID noted when the eBPF programs were loaded.<br>

Reviewer 2: `<id>` is not getting displayed in the formatted message.

> **Note 3:** After completion of each test variation, unload the eBPF programs from both host machines by running `delete program <id>` on the netsh prompt, where `<id>` is the ID noted when the eBPF programs were loaded.<br>

Reviewer: Unlike notes 1 and 2, nothing references this note.  And the earlier sections say to note the ID without saying why.  Either add a "See Note 3 below" to each place that says the note the ID, or else move this step into each section above.

### Viewing traces in real-time
To view traces in real-time, the `tracelog.exe` and `tracefmt.exe` commands from the WDK can be used.

> If you are running eBPF for Windows in a VM, you can either install the full WDK in the VM (see the Pre-requisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running eBPF for Windows in a VM, you can either install the full WDK in the VM (see the Prerequisites
```
